[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain alive this movie tells the
story of a gamer who locks himself
inside his apartment when a grisly virus
ravages his town
just as he loses hope he discovers
another survivor will they finally
survive the zombie attack let's find out
and alive
alive began when ojunwu just woke up
june wu lives with his family in an
apartment that morning he finds a piece
of paper with a message from his mother
that there is no food at home and tells
him to go shopping with his brother
he ignores his mother's message and
instead plays an online game
in the middle of the game one of his
friends tells him to watch the
television news broadcast because there
is an emergency situation
he then checked his cell phone which
displayed an emergency warning from the
government joonwu looks out the window
and sees people who are trying to save
themselves from zombie attacks
the situation around his apartment
building became chaotic
junwu is about to go out to check on the
situation when he hears a commotion at
his apartment door
suddenly a man barged into his apartment
the man claims to be his neighbor and
asks for help but junwu tells him to get
out the man finally agrees to leave but
he asks permission to go to the toilet
while waiting for the man to come out of
the toilet he turns on the television
and watches breaking news that the
entire city has been infected with a
deadly zombie virus
people who have been infected with the
zombie virus will show symptoms such as
bleeding in the eyes and bite scars
june immediately took a kitchen knife
from the drawer and directly pointed it
at his neighbor who had just come out of
the bathroom the man panicked and kept
trying to defend himself but his eyes
turned red then attacked chunwu not
wanting to be eaten by zombies junmu
pushes him as hard as he can out of his
apartment another zombie who was fatter
immediately pounced on the man
seeing the horror in front of his eyes
junwoo decided to isolate himself in his
apartment he locked all the windows and
blocked the door with a refrigerator
after checking his cell phone he gets a
text message from his mother informing
him that she is taking shelter in a
fairly safe place and can't go home for
a while
joonwoo then sorts his food into small
portions to save the remaining food
supply in his apartment
the next day junwoo posted a video on
social media that he was a survivor in
his apartment and needed help
he checks the posts of other people who
also survived in one video a man can be
seen hanging from his window looking for
a cell phone signal but the man suddenly
falls
june would then takes his drone and
attaches his cell phone to the drone to
look for a signal
the drone was successfully flown and his
cell phone caught the signal but not
long after the drone's battery ran low
and fell annoyed he plays games to
entertain himself but the internet
connection in his apartment suddenly cut
off
that night junwoo hears a noise at his
door
it turns out that there is a zombie who
managed to break down the door and is
now behind the refrigerator
he tries to hold on to the refrigerator
but the hungry zombie out matches his
strength junwood then lures the zombie
by running to the apartment balcony and
jumping outside
the zombie who was deceived by his trick
end up falling outside the building and
died instantly
down there june wu sees the zombie
swarms multiplying
the situation in his apartment became
very messy because of the zombie junwu
feels very desperate after seeing his
grocery supplies splatter on the floor
he then made a vlog on his channel that
told about his experience of surviving
zombie attacks
on the seventh day junmu is still having
trouble getting a cell phone signal and
the clean water supply in his apartment
starts to run out
june woo finally drinks his father's
whiskey to save water
on the 10th day junemu makes a vlog and
says that his water and food supplies
are running low he then remembers that
his mother often listens to the radio on
her cell phone even without a cell phone
signal
junwu tries to find the latest
information through an emergency radio
broadcast but before that he had to
connect a 3.5 millimeter connector to
his cell phone because the connectors
serve as an antenna to pick up fm radio
signals he went into his room took out
all the earphones he had but alas he
only has wireless headphones
on the fifteenth day joonwu who seemed
to enjoy his self-isolation felt very
sad and hopeless
finally he was determined to hang on the
iron railing of the apartment balcony
and look for a cell phone signal using a
stick
after successfully getting a signal he
hears his mother's voice saying that she
is taking refuge with his brother and
his father's office
but her mother's voice sounded very
panicked and frightened accompanied by
the growling sound of the zombies
getting closer
joonwu can't help but cry as he listens
to his family's final moments before
being attacked by zombies
knowing that his entire family is gone
junmu becomes angry he came out of his
apartment and killed the zombies he met
on the twentieth day with all the
despair and deep sadness junwoo made a
vlog and said goodbye because he
intended to end his life by hanging
himself after draping the rope around
his neck he suddenly saw a laser pointer
pointing at him then the scene shows
someone who moves the laser pointer her
name is can you ben a glimmer of hope
reemerged in jummu's heart he looks
happy in waves to the apartment building
across from where you been is
they also communicate with each other
using sign language because it was late
at night the two arranged an appointment
to communicate again at seven in the
morning the next day
but june wakes up late he rushed to
apologize to you ben who had been
waiting for him for a long time
while communicating with junwu yubin
hears a noise at her door it turns out
that a zombie has entered her apartment
but the zombies movement was centered by
a chair you've been immediately killed
the zombie
that night it rained heavily
june wu and yubin took this opportunity
to collect rain water
yubin spots an empty apartment unit on
the eighth floor of junmu's apartment
building
after observing the situation with her
binoculars she intended to go there
the next day euban sends food to the
hungry junemu
she tried to throw the rope but because
their apartment buildings are too far
apart her attempts fail
luckily junwoo still had one more drone
he then uses the drone to stretch the
rope to ubin his efforts were not in
vain and finally jungwoo was no longer
hungry after getting food supplies from
you ben
not long after june wu tells you ben
that a zombie picked up her rope that
fell it turns out that yubin is still
attaching the rope to the leg of the
table and before she could cut it the
zombie was already pulling the rope so
fast that the table crashed into her
until she passed out the zombie starts
climbing up to her apartment junewood
tries to help you ben
he uses his drone to annoy the zombies
but the zombie manages to destroy
junwoo's drone
when the zombie almost arrived at ubin's
apartment she was already conscious and
immediately cut off the zombie's hand
jun would then realize that his food
supply was running low he then ventured
to look for groceries in the neighbor's
apartments it was very dark there and
looked empty
after ensuring everything is safe he
immediately grabs the necessary items
such as groceries a thick jacket and two
walkie-talkies
he then takes his neighbor's 3.5
millimeter earphones when he was about
to leave he was suddenly attacked by a
zombie from behind
luckily he manages to defeat the zombie
and rushes back to his apartment
arriving at the apartment jun will
immediately plug the earphone into his
cell phone to listen to the radio but
there was no broadcast there he then
sends eubin groceries and walkie-talkies
so they can communicate more easily
the next day junwoo thanks you ben for
saving him when he was about to kill
himself
it turns out that you've been also ever
wanted to commit suicide
while busy chatting junwoo seems to hear
the noise comes from swarms of zombies
flocking huben's apartment building
when you bin was about to hide she
accidentally bumped into the shelf
making a noise that invited the zombies
hearing you ben's panicked fear junwood
then asked for the phone number of her
apartment unit
not long after the zombies were
distracted by the sound of a phone
ringing from the apartment next to you
bins
yubin was determined to go to the eighth
floor apartment unit in june woo's
apartment building
euban manages to get out of her
apartment she tried to dodge the zombies
that started to come in front of her
until she fell yubin sees a gun line not
far from her in russia's to pick it up
but a zombie attacks and tries to bite
her
jude will arrives just in time and
shoots the zombie
the two immediately ran into junwoo's
apartment building and managed to get to
the eighth floor using the elevator
arriving on the eighth floor it turned
out that there was still one zombie left
and the zombie was deliberately making
noise so that the herd would come
you ben tries to open a locked apartment
door and suddenly the door opens and a
man pulls her inside
then the man helps junwoo by throwing
smoke bombs at the zombies
the man warmly welcomes them to his
apartment
he said that he had enough food supplies
until the rescue team arrived
he heard from the emergency broadcast
that a rescue team was coming
jun wu and you ben are very happy to
hear the news because they have been
surrounded without knowing any news
about the zombie invasion of the city
you've been notices that there are
supplies and baby food in the man's
house
then june woo suddenly fainted yubin
tries to wake him up but she suddenly
collapses unconscious it turns out that
the man deliberately drugged them
after tying june wu's hands the man
drags you ben into a room and locks her
eubin finally wakes up and is very
surprised that she is now in a room with
a female zombie who turns out to be the
man's wife
there was a rope wrapped around the
zombie's neck and the man was holding
the rope
yubin screams for help but the man says
he had it because his wife is starving
joonwu who had come to his senses then
pointed a gun at the man
unexpectedly the man let go of the rope
and junwoo immediately grabbed the rope
so that the zombie wouldn't attack you
ben
the situation turned around
now it was the man who pointed a gun at
choonwu the man asks jumu to give up and
says he will let june will live if he is
willing to leave his apartment but of
course june wu flatly refused
suddenly the rope that junmu was holding
fell off and the room was suddenly quiet
the man then opened the door to check
the situation
it turns out that you've been managed to
cover the zombie's face and push the
zombie towards her husband
the man then became the target of the
zombies you've been then finished off
the husband and wife
the sound of gunshots fired by you ben
suddenly attracted the attention of a
flock of zombies outside
yubin cries in despair and asks jumu to
kill her but then they hear the sound of
helicopter
after confirming the arrival of the
helicopter they make a plan to escape
from there and rush to the roof
junwu is the first to come out throwing
smoke bombs at the zombie swarm and
killing a few zombies
they continued running up the stairs to
the roof
some zombies pull yubin up the stairs
but junmu manages to save her and hits
the zombies with a bicycle
junwu tells you ben to go to the roof
first to call for help while holding off
the zombies on the stairs but when she
got to the roof yubin didn't see any
helicopters
jun wu who managed to catch up with you
been screamed in frustration
the zombie swarm finally makes it to the
roof cornering them
junwu tries to shoot the approaching
zombies until a bullet runs out
junwoo and yubin who had resigned
themselves to leaving their fate to the
zombies were suddenly rescued by the
arrival of helicopter
the rescue team immediately opened fire
on the zombies and helped them board the
helicopter they then survive
at the same time junwoo's cell phone
starts to work because it has received a
signal
a voice message from the disaster
emergency channel informed that the
military would start carrying out a
rescue mission for the residents based
on their posts on social media because
the internet network had started to
function again
the film ends in the end the strong
determination to survive is what makes
us able to save ourselves
[Music]
you